Welcome to the family hour of the Yahowah
blog.
We are here now.
We really have a full cast of characters.
It's great to see everybody.
Dr. Jeff,
you got moved down into the circle here
on our show.
You are obviously in the hospital with a
mask on and like you're ready to go
to help somebody survive.
Indeed I am.
Hopefully,
I won't have too much circular thinking
here.
Okay.
It's good to see you.
We've got Leah over there with Cara,
and she's got the fancy headdress,
the matching necklace.
We're looking very stylish there.
I picked a very fine hat up on
your road.
Is that your entry road to your property,
Kevin?
It is, yeah.
It's the driveway.
Okay.
Okay, well,
good to see you here this evening.
Do you have any more comments on my
shirt before we go on?
Not when we're live, I don't.
Okay, well, that's very good.
JB, how are you?
Doing good today.
Yeah, good.
And Will?
Anything new?
No.
Yeah, I'm doing well.
You look like you're dressed like the
Palmoni tonight, Yana.
I am.
I went full Palmoni this evening.
My little Palmoni.
Somebody said it was family hour.
They were looking for her little Palmoni.
I'm doing the best I can to comply.
How are you feeling down there,
Captain Kirk?
I'm doing all right.
That's fine.
Yeah?
Thank you.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
So you're now gone three full days without
any treatment.
Sweet, huh?
Yes.
Like, uh, twenty, twenty, twenty,
thirty percent back to normal and any
change?
Oh,
they said it would take a while and
they were right.
Okay.
So it's, you don't,
you don't bounce back immediately and say,
all right, that was.
No, I had high hopes that they didn't,
but they won.
Okay.
You look good.
Yeah, you have really good color.
The lighting and the makeup.
And you're glowing.
You're glowing.
Wookie wants everyone to say,
I know that he's here as well.
Hey, Wookie.
Yeah.
Hey, bud.
You didn't have his ears on,
so he's not so sure.
What we're going to do this evening is
really fairly interesting.
But before we start on figuring out what
the actual name is for that person that,
you know,
Christians have searched for years trying
to find who their Antichrist is.
Of course, there's no Antichrist,
there's no Christ.
But there is a nefarious fellow that is...
has already arrived and he is a reigning
disaster all over America and the world
and soon to be Israel as well.
And we're gonna find out what the name
that God chose for him.
So that'll be an interesting part of the
program.
But I wanted to talk a little bit
about the website.
I don't know if you can bring it
up, Rich,
but it would be interesting if you can
go to first the translation page of the
website.
We have...
Updated, this is Joe.
He's spent a lot of time with Leah
on this too.
But why don't you put in just Genesis?
That'd be fine.
Right down there.
Okay, Genesis, that's fine.
And then you don't want alls a little
much there, pal.
But all right, we'll leave it at all.
Yeah, there you go.
And I'm laughing on all is that I
have translated really all of Genesis.
So it's going to all show up.
But here we here we are where it
will bring up every time the first heading
you can see is Genesis one one by
Rashid Genesis one one.
And it will present it every time that
I have translated it.
It will not only show you.
The book it's in,
that would be Yada Yahowah Beryth Beginning.
That's a very good place to start.
And it would be in the chapter one
bara.
If you click that link,
it would take you directly to the book.
That's the Page-Turner book.
You go directly to the book where the
translation was,
so you can go up and read the
introduction to it,
and you can go down and read the
commentary based upon it.
So that's kind of a really nice way
Way to go back and forth and see
it.
You know, all together,
all the various translations together are
in commentary.
And you can see this is just all
the presentations of that first statement
and how it's presented.
Now, then you have Bar Rashi, Genesis one,
two.
You can see at the bottom of the
page there and it would have all the
variations of it throughout.
So this is something we wanted to do.
The advantage of this versus anything
we've had in the past is that it
doesn't bring up the translation little
box.
And you don't have to pick the chapter
and verse.
You can pick a chapter and a verse
if you want to.
But you can do the entire book and
read through the entire book of Genesis,
for example.
Or you can read through an entire chapter.
We just recently were looking for things
in the twenty-second Mizmowr.
And I don't have to look up every
verse, I just say twenty-second Mizmowr.
And there it was,
the entire thing all the way through.
And it was just really helpful.
So that is one thing you'll notice over
there.
Now click on the glossary.
So now click on a letter,
a letter is fine.
This is the glossary that our friend
Captain Kirk has been working on for a
very long time.
And you can go on down and you'll
look at some of these.
Here are some of the words.
You know,
Ab is the first entry in the Hebrew
lexicon.
It means father.
It is presented in each of the fonts.
For some reason right now, the ancient...
Hebrew font doesn't appear to be there,
which is our version.
And it was there earlier,
so I don't know what happened to it
or why it's not showing on this computer.
But anyway,
we do have the glossary for each of
the letters.
It's still being written.
Go ahead and click on another letter,
and you can see that's just fine.
Go on down.
This is fantastic.
So go on down.
And you can see,
now this one does have it.
This has all the letters with the tazdeh
and all the words that begin with the
tazdeh in the new Yada Towrah script.
It's got that Babylonian square script for
modern Hebrew readers.
It's got the strong numbers.
It tells you if it's a verb,
a noun, preposition, whatever it might be.
And then you've got,
and I think these are probably...
Captain Kirk's glossary entries from long
ago that we just never managed to get
posted previously.
So there it is.
That's a pretty darn good beginning.
Let's go up to the top again.
And I want you to click on Dead
Sea Scrolls.
So here's Dead Sea Scrolls.
Pick in a book.
You can pick Barbara Sheath again,
Genesis one.
Okay.
Click on.
There we go.
Nope.
right here we are and uh so this
is from the dead sea scrolls we um
this is again a a work in process
this is the first pass on it but
that has an olive color and the uh
and that uh square uh script it has
the the babylonian hebrew script uh it has
the letters that are actually on each of
the scrolls there are two scrolls that
have uh
Bar Rashi Genesis one one four Q Gen
B and four Q Gen D are the
two that have it.
The light green is the part of the
text that had to be supplied that was
not in these scrolls,
but that olive green is confirmed.
in these scrolls and that's exactly the
way it's written now we're going to add
to this a uh another uh presentation of
the dead sea scrolls um the exact same
way verse by verse but um from a
uh a presentation that has a four color
coding of a event it's not a very
good translation but it's but it gets you
to the point and it shows you
with a red strike through what letters
what words were not found in the dead
sea scrolls but were in the mesoretic a
red underline which is the words that were
in the dead sea scrolls but not the
mesoretic so it's the opposite you know
one was in the the mesoretic but not
in the dead sea scrolls the other one
is in the dead sea scrolls not in
the mesoretic and then it has a green
and blue showing what letters are what
words are
confirmed in the Dead Sea Scrolls,
but the English versions,
I think because most people read English,
it says what the English versions is and
the blue version might be that there's a
spelling difference of some sort.
Between those,
you'll be able to look up very quickly
and find out what word in a particular
statement was altered by the Masoretes,
where it is different in the Dead Sea
Scrolls.
And then you can go to this version
and you can read what the word is
that appears in the Dead Sea Scrolls.
So it's a really marvelous tool and gives
the site a lot more oomph.
Just click on media for fun while we're
here.
So on media, these are,
and we're gonna redo this page here
shortly because we have, for example,
four Facebook accounts.
We have another three YouTube accounts
beyond the three that are there.
So we're gonna add the more full array
of where we are and make the page
even more interesting.
But this gives you some idea where we
are.
Click, go back to the top.
If you could click timeline.
And this says, for example,
the beginning of the time of Israel's
troubles,
Jacob's troubles is eighty three days,
eleven hours, eighteen minutes,
twenty one seconds.
So it's not a long time now.
And then we're running thin on that clock.
And then this has the timeline.
You can scroll through that briefly.
They're rich is that.
And we're going to create some video
presentations here before long.
You can go all the way down.
You can just keep on going down.
You can see the highlights on the timeline
as to when things happened along the way.
And the Exodus occurred,
who was the Pharaoh of that time when
the first temple was completed.
We have year Yah and year BCE.
So we can go back up to the
top.
Look, it's rich.
We used to have we used to have
a media button up there.
I don't know what happened to not the
media music button, I thought.
But we don't I don't know what happened
yet.
So let's let's go to the blog.
This is the blog and it has probably
now just yesterday or two ago was the
last time I transferred material to it.
But now we have essentially a blog like
you would find on Facebook.
This probably is a variation of my
Facebook page transferred to a secondary
site that I'll keep current.
That's a way to keep up with the
news and what we're saying about certain
events.
So I can go back up again.
So we had to find out why the
music was removed, but it was.
And let's go to the books.
Excuse me.
And here on the books,
you can see each of the books comes
in three different versions.
You can click on the book itself or
just that book with the marker,
and you'll go to the page turners.
And those will work on your computer,
television, tablet, or phone.
and you can read by chapter.
You can see there's a whole lot of
tools down there at the bottom that enable
you to bookmark.
We have made it possible for people to
copy and paste out of these.
You can go forward and back by chapter.
You can print this.
That'll be handy for you, Kirk.
It's really a comprehensive suite of tools
down there at the bottom.
And so we'll go back up to the
top again.
So this is the Yada Yahowah site as
it exists.
There is a music tab that somehow got
misplaced, but pretty darn spectacular.
on how it has developed,
how it's so interactive.
And then what these are here,
you can click on any one of these.
These are, you can see,
these are our most recent programs.
And you'll be able to listen to the
program.
Yeah, there you go.
So it'll play.
But you notice when that program played,
you didn't have to go actually to
Facebook, or to YouTube.
That is actually playing on one of our
YouTube channels.
And that's important because YouTube has
purchased and has the backbone to be able
to have all of these.
These are enormous files.
A video file like this is gargantuan in
its length and the megabytes of the file.
And they will store it and they have
to have huge bandwidth to play it.
But so we're actually playing from YouTube
site.
You can see the bottom right there where
it says YouTube when you click on it.
So that's plain from YouTube,
but you didn't leave our website.
that pretty cool yes sir so this is
a this is YadaYah.com as uh as it
is has been uh uh leia's evening project
with uh with joe uh is to um
after her after her normal day leia and
joe are both the night owls and they
they work on the uh the site well
there's for example that's uh one of the
songs uh right there uh you can see
down at the bottom a uh a featured
uh song
Oh,
I just think it's a beautiful
presentation.
It's something that I'm really proud of
that we have developed here.
We can go ahead and play a little
bit of that.
And that does, there it goes.
Hi, Kevin.
I'd say it's come a long way in
a short time.
Thank you.
Very nice.
And it's so beautiful.
And it's more than just all of the
glitz here.
And it's so darn interactive.
But I want you also to know that
Joe must have,
I don't even know how many,
it's got to be up into the thousand
hour range.
being the publisher of these books.
He and Leah created the new covers for
all of them.
And then we worked to refine the covers.
And then we refined the way we were
presenting the text inside the books.
And so we really worked to make the
books as professional as we possibly
could.
And Joe went through every single book to
get these things in a format that would
show as PDFs,
as flip books here on the site,
which was quite an adventure.
And then at Amazon so that they could
all be purchased and all the books are
uploaded and they're all new.
All thirty five of them are new at
Amazon.
So this is really a...
He's a one-man show.
This is really spectacular,
what has transpired here.
And that's YadaYah.com.
So when we do our...
Leah does her promotions and the
promotional material,
which we're going to have one of the
links on that top bar.
The media.
Yeah, it's not just going to be the...
the songs, but also the promotions.
But when we say, do you, Yada,
and then have the yadayawa.com bar or the
logo down at the bottom,
this is what we're directing people to.
This is where Yahowah's message resides.
And it is growing, expanding, refining.
This is Yahowah's house.
Yeah, tremendous.
This is tremendously.
Yeah,
this is as close to Yahowah having a
house that he's had now in, what,
twenty six hundred years.
Yeah.
So you can laugh at my shirt, Kevin,
but you can't laugh at my website.
No, no, no, no, no.
Never.
I'm just kidding you.
Isn't that spectacular?
We have definitely brought it a long way
in one year.
It's fantastic.
There you are, Kirk.
Your glossary is now digitized.
Yeah, there you go.
One of the things we're working on now
is that
I noticed that in our translations,
I've known this for a long time,
but there's never been a good way to
differentiate an aleph and an ein in
Hebrew transliterations.
The old school was you had a forward
or a backward single quotation mark,
which would also be an apostrophe.
On a closed quotation mark,
it'd be an apostrophe.
But the single quotation mark closed and
open was the patented way of doing it.
But no one ever knew what that stood
for.
So it didn't help anybody because they
didn't know what it stood for.
And then it doesn't work in Microsoft Word
because Microsoft Word commandeers
quotation marks and decides how they think
you want to convey it.
And there's so many different styles that
it didn't work.
I came up in conversations with Joe just
the other day with a way that we
could do it that no one's done it
before because we've now come up with our
own font by looking at the lead tablet
found on Mount Ebel and looking at all
of the variations of
of what is that most ancient script,
because some people call it Canaanite,
some people call it Phoenician,
some people call it Paleo-Hebrew,
some call it Moabite stone.
It has a hundred different names,
but it's the original pictograph script.
And so we looked at every nation around
there, around the region,
all of which have a variation of that
script.
And we looked at the earliest versions we
could find,
what they were trying to say and how
it was drawn.
And so we actually created our own font.
So that's another, by the way,
and that's on the resources there.
If you click on resources at the page,
you'll find that font and you can just
click on it and it downloads.
It's exceedingly easy to download.
You download it, you click on the file,
you download it and it will bring up
a window.
You say install and that's it,
you're done.
We've actually now remastered that one so
that you can type it intelligently.
If you hit the A key,
it's going to bring up the LF.
If you hit the AIN,
which is drawn as an I,
you would hit the I key on your
keyboard and it'd bring up the AIN.
The hey is really from the H.
We did it intelligently,
so we mapped our keyboard to those
letters,
which is our most recent iteration.
Now,
what we're doing and Perry is now here
and he's working with Joe on doing this
and I'm working on it too,
is we've actually come up with a
superscript of the ANE and the LF.
Rather than the comma,
we're replacing the comma with the
superscript of the ANE or the LF depending
on which letter it was actually the one
that we're transliterating with that
letter.
And it takes a while to do this.
And once we do this,
then we'll be able to link the
translations that you saw.
That's all that page with all the
translations.
each word will have dots underneath it,
which means it's linkable.
And you'll click on that dot and it'll
bring up a window that has right there
in the midst of it,
that has all of the definitions of that.
So it's kind of a glossary,
if you will,
in the middle of the translations,
but we couldn't do that until we rectify
the AIN and the Aleph.
And it's a little more complicated than
that because, uh,
Over the years,
Hebrew originally had a shin and a shemek.
The shin was the S-H and the shemek
was the H sound,
but they added a sin.
And that's really a challenge now in
translation because you take a word like
Nassau.
It's typically in the verbal form,
it's rendered by the Masoretes as N-A-S-A.
But in the original Paleo-Hebrew,
the S-H and the S would have been
identical, same letter.
And if you wanted the S sound
independently, you would go to the Samak.
uh and one of those words because you
know this is it's one of the two
words that are found in the third
statement which is the unforgivable sin of
of uh demeaning or erasing negating
Yahowah's name it's most likely the uh that
the proper word is actually the nasha
versus uh nasha so it's uh there are
challenges and like there's two t's
actually three t's in hebrew one is the
ts sound and
And so you're going to know if it's
the TS sound,
because I'm going to write it as TS.
But the ta and the teth are both
written typically the same way.
Sometimes you'll add an H occasionally.
But otherwise,
they're written the same way.
The shamak and the sin are both an
S.
And so when you're doing the
transliteration,
if you're trying to go from the
transliteration to the correct definition,
you've got some work to do to define
which one it is.
So when you were saying that you did
an inadequate job, Kirk, and I said, no,
it's actually my fault that I did not
designate a Strong's number because I
don't really use Strong's all that much.
I prefer there's much more powerful
lexicons than Strong's.
It's just that Strong's is available.
Like the dictionary of biblical language
is vastly superior to strong,
but you can't access it online.
So there's no database of it.
It's only in printed books or put in
programs like the Logos program that I
use.
And so without that, it's...
very difficult without also encapsulating
the definition that I have of correctly
linking it to the right word,
because it'd be two S's.
And one of the challenges with Strong's,
if you're going to use their
transliterations,
is they transliterate the shamak as a C,
not as an S.
So things like Nesh,
which means banner and sign,
they have it as Nek, N-E-C,
when it's Nesh with a Samak.
And so if we transliterate it with Samak,
our transliteration is not going to match
Strong's,
which is the popular one that everybody
knows the numbers and uses.
So translation is a...
is an art form.
What Joe, who is a computer programmer,
database manager,
has learned is that you can't push a
button and say, all right,
how do these things play together?
So that's our challenge.
So it's really the omission that I had
because I didn't think anyone would ever
care, really,
so long as I give you something that
you can put in a search engine or
just Google it and find it,
then that was good enough.
Well,
for the kind of presentation we're making
now where we're interleaking all these
things together,
it's not good enough anymore.
And so Perry is man on the job,
and we're going to try to get that
done throughout the books.
The current book that I'm writing right
now, I am using it.
So you'll see the Paleo-Hebrew
superscripts,
which is just such a clever way to
do it because it tells you immediately.
Is that the eyeball of the ain or
is that the ram's and bull's head of
the aleph?
Lots of things that we're doing,
trying to make that site as robust as
we possibly can.
And you can tell I'm proud of what
we have accomplished.
I use we and that the content is
mostly mine,
but the workings of it are the style
of its layers and the workings of it
are Joe.
He has put that whole thing together and
a huge amount of the content as well.
All right, so there he is again,
the masked man that pops in and out
as if you're trying to save people's lives
and if that's important.
He's not even hearing us down there.
I would like to say something before you
get started.
Yes, we have some good news this week.
What's that?
We have a couple who are celebrating their
first Shabbat together.
Oh, wow.
Who is that?
That would be Mariah and her husband,
Russell.
Really?
Well.
May your home be filled with Shalowm, dear.
Every one of us knows and loves Mariah.
Yes.
Mariah is one of the great women I
have met in my life.
She's a rock.
She is a rock.
She is,
and I mean that in the highest positive
sense.
Yes.
She's got great judgment, great character.
She's enthusiastic.
Easy to work with.
Exceedingly easy to work with.
So we love all of us.
We just adore Mariah.
And the covenant is better when shared.
But Mariah,
she has been exceedingly complimentary of
her husband.
I mean,
every time that she mentions her husband,
which we do not know because I've never
corresponded with him.
But she says, I just love my husband.
He is just such a great man.
And so what Leah is suggesting here is
they're actually celebrating the Shabbat
together for the first time.
So perhaps that's a start of something
very good.
It would be wonderful for her and he
to have that added part of their
relationship.
So wonderful.
All right,
we're gonna return to where we were.
Where were we?
We were in the eighty ninth Mizmowr is
where we were.
And I told you we were about to
move through a statement that I thought
was one of the most challenging you could
imagine trying to translate.
And I'm going to repeat that because it
introduces the next statement.
But that the next statement,
we're going to meet a character and he's
not a nice guy.
This is a really, really bad character.
That guy.
And what's interesting about this
character is that so far,
no one has been able to stand up
to him.
He devours everybody.
But Yahowah has, he's seen the picture,
he knows, he has a guy.
And that guy that we were,
I was kind of having fun with about
the waves and the rolling stones and
and being grating and irritating and all
that sort of thing?
Oh, you mean my guy?
That guy, yeah.
So recognizing how prevalent religion and
politics have become among the Israelites
and Israel today,
particularly even going back all the way
to the days of Sha'uwl,
where in the days of Sha'uwl,
they had their...
They had their issues.
I mean, he even became demon-possessed,
and he went from there to Dowd becomes
king, and then Dowd had his...
He had forty-eight wonderful years,
and then he had some hiccups,
and the Bathsheba thing turned out poorly,
and the...
The Absalon Rebellion was just horrible,
that coup against Dowd.
And so it's important for Ethan,
who is the co-author of this Mizmowr.
You can definitely feel some enthusiasm
for Ethan Hazraki as the Mizmowr begins
because he's introducing Yahowah,
telling everybody what he knows about
Yahowah.
Occasionally he mentioned something about
himself and he had one really bold quote
that Yahowah said about Dowd.
But in a moment,
this song goes so that the lyrics right
to the end, from there,
it's like Yahowah says, OK, kid,
you did a fine job.
Thanks for the introduction.
I'll take it from here.
And from that point on, it's all Yahowah.
And this is a transition point.
This is a transmission point where
Ethan is still speaking about what Yahowah is
going to do and what Yahowah thinks about
the plan going forward.
And we're gonna find out just in a
moment that that changes where Yahowah says,
okay, at this point,
can you just pick up your pen and
write down what I have to say?
So that's where we are in the text.
And it's important now for Ethan to calm
some raw nerves because there was a bigger
problem in Israel than just Dowd at this
point.
The nation was highly rebellious.
It's kind of like the Exodus where,
you know, if you know during the Exodus,
they didn't even get to Nuweiba Beach on
the Egyptian side of the Gulf of Aqaba.
and they were right against uh moshe and
moshe says what in the hell am i
going to do i've got the egyptians on
my back i've got the sea in front
of me and the people are rebelling against
me and that's a good god man could
you just lift the staff what do you
think you're supposed to what do you take
your about that staff for just lift the
damn staff okay and then walk across i
got this covered uh so but they were
belligerent right from the beginning and
uh
And they turned on dote.
And so there was a lot of raw
nerves that needed to be dealt with.
So in this regard,
since it is apparent that the previous
attestations that I shared with everybody
a couple of days ago play right into
the next one,
these two verses play into each other,
I'm going to...
Recite again the one that is,
I don't know,
I'll share it again and then I'll get
your opinions as to whether or not you've
got the word picture,
whether or not you follow the word
picture, because it's pretty inside.
Okay, so it says, you convey,
he's speaking to you,
this is Ethan speaking to you.
You convey mashal,
portraits comprised of words.
When exercising your authority,
you know that Mashal has two very distinct
meanings.
The primary meaning of Mashal is to draw
a picture with words, a parable,
a proverb,
to communicate in a way that's memorable.
The second meaning of Mashal is to lead,
to govern,
to be in charge of a community so
as to guide them and protect them.
So when you see Mashal,
you're always put in a position where you
can choose one or both of those meanings.
In this case, I thought they both applied.
So you convey portraits comprised of words
when exercising your authority,
gloriously triumphing with the surging
sea,
agitating by majestically raising the
illustrious and reoccurring force of the
one from the West who can be abrasive.
by lifting up his rolling rocks, stones,
if you will,
among the turbulent waves so as to serve
as a witness,
you laud and extol them with exuberant
statements, commending their value,
eliminating the noise, calming the chaos,
and quieting the situation through them.
Now,
before we go on to the next statement,
Bill, I'm gonna put you,
or I'll put you on the spot.
when i read that is that something that
resonates with you do you know what he's
talking about or is that just like what
in the world that's a word salad
I usually, I, it,
things usually don't strike me that
quickly.
I need to sort of noodle it over
and think about like the implications and
where it's, it's going.
You know what I mean?
I, it takes me,
I have a process to sort through that.
So right off the bat, I usually,
it's almost like,
it's like the fourth of July.
It's like, there's fireworks in my head.
I have all these different ideas around
it.
And then I start sorting through what
makes the most sense with it.
But
Okay, so you're not quite there yet,
is the answer.
I know what I mean.
By the way, it's an honest answer.
Before we get to Leia, JB,
what do you think?
Kind of the same.
I wish I had the text up in
front of me,
but I can't find my document right now.
That is really tough to follow without
being able to read it.
Kevin, any thoughts?
Oh, yeah, there's lots of pictures there.
I mean,
we have the one that draws the pictures
that's in charge, the sea,
his rocks that are calming, you know,
the chaos that's around them.
Yeah,
there's three or four different pictures
that are, as we do in graphic arts,
layered on top of that.
Yada, yada, yada.
Yeah.
That translation has been updated,
correct?
Because that's very different from my
Psalm.
That's why I have to work through it
because it was very different verses three
and four than what you've had.
It's another way of looking at it.
It's very fascinating, but it's brand new.
I know I could almost recite the old
one.
And typically when I was doing it,
this would be this and other statements.
I couldn't figure them out.
So even though I've translated the
Eighty-Ninth Psalm twenty times,
fifteen of those twenty times I just
skipped right past this.
Because the symbolic language was just too
much to try to process.
And it was probably a day and a
half.
work through it uh even now i have
sent everybody i didn't be resend it today
but uh last week for example the uh
this most recent pass through the eighty
ninth uh is part of uh of that
uh distribution i know you can't see it
there uh dr jeff so i won't put
you on the uh on the spot uh
and uh kirk do you want to chime
in before we go to leo
Well, I recognize you're in there,
but I've got an old copy,
so I haven't got much time.
All right.
What do you think, Lael?
Well, Itan Ha-Israhi.
First of all,
we have polluted the name Israhi.
and we attribute Misrachi Jews to that
name.
Yes.
Absolutely inappropriately.
Yeah, the Jews are misappropriate.
The name is Rachi,
which doesn't appear in this particular
text.
But nonetheless,
if you don't know who he is,
you'll never get this.
And you can't counterfeit him.
And what they do,
Ethan means one who is...
eternally deployed,
one who is routinely inserted,
one who is commonly applied.
It speaks of somebody that comes into a
situation and God has used him for a
long period of time in many troubling
situations.
He's the, you know,
who are you going to call?
i got a guy uh and it's it's
always the same guy the fixer that you
know when moshe had his milk yeah moshe
had his meltdown i got a guy i
got a picture um Dowd had his meltdown
i got a guy he is he is
my fixture and that that's the guy that
goes in and if you think that that's
what ethan says i'm that guy and when
we read about ethan's uh history he is
clearly that guy
Ezraki is a name that Jews have
misappropriated to native-born.
It doesn't say anything.
There's nothing in the etymology that says
native-born.
The root of the word speaks of a
tree.
So they get from tree to native roots
and the native soil,
thus for he must be a native person.
But the root of the word is tree.
So this is somebody that springs forth as
a tree.
You don't have to be the sharpest player
to say, all right, a tree.
Where's the first time the trees appear?
Well, the two trees in the garden, right?
That's Genesis two.
Yeah.
And then that tree that, by the way,
the tree of knowledge is the starring
character in the garden story.
It's not...
Adam, it's certainly not Chawah.
The most discussed character in that story
is the Tree of Knowledge.
And it leads to the Tree of Lives.
But the interesting thing here is that
Yahowah goes off and tells you who the
Tree of Knowledge is through Yashayah,
Yashayah Eleven.
He says that the Etz Dayath is the
Choter.
And he says that I made the Choter,
the etz Da'ath,
through the application of my Ruwach
spirit.
So the Ezraki is the tree.
that is and and etza being the one
who can um delineate the entire story from
beginning to end you know why he can
tell you the whole story from beginning to
end he's been there he knows he's been
there yeah is uh is now fifty four
hundred years old well there you go he
knows the whole story from beginning to
end uh he's acted in it uh so
that helps you uh now know who he's
talking about so
I'll go back through it because it's
important to know because he's the guy,
the one that God is talking about here.
he is the same guy,
the guy with the stones.
He is the same guy that is going
to take down the, uh,
the deplorable demon possessed one in the
next statement.
Okay.
So it is important to know who he
is.
So I'm just not, uh,
playing with everybody here.
It's really important to know who this
fellow is.
So I'm going to read it again.
And then I'm going to test either, uh,
uh we'll get uh rich or perry over
here on uh on answer man so it
says i wasn't done oh you had so
much more yeah i was just getting started
you go girl okay the the c the
reference to the goy yes the rocks the
reference to crag which reference the
Choter the nesh yep
the Nakar, all leading back to the Koi,
the man of Edom, Adamah Parah.
It paints a very global picture of who
this person is.
And it says, hey,
this is who I am.
When Yahowah first revealed his presence to
Moshe, where did he do that?
From what?
The crag.
From a rocky crag.
And were they in the land or were
they out of the land?
Out of the land.
Yeah, they were on Mount Choreb.
And from Mount Choreb,
Yahowah appeared as a crag.
Fire on the crag.
It wasn't a burning bush.
That is correct.
And God uses the idea of this sharp
crag throughout his story.
He's really fond of this sharp crag.
So why a sharp crag?
Because men cannot walk on it.
They can't stand on it.
And they can't overcome it.
Mostly because it's divisive.
very well you're on you're on one side
of the other man you it's again it's
tough as stone and you chisel something
into a crag you can't use your magic
eraser it doesn't blot out the crag is
tough as stones and uh and what he
uh says stands and he's uh he's sharp
um and sharp can mean you can view
it as intelligent which uh Yahowah says
that that crag is
Or you can view it as that sharp
edge cuts.
When you hear Choreb,
the Choreb means two primary things.
One is this was a desolate place.
And so he was bringing life in a
desolate place.
What better place to bring the story of
life than in a place that had none?
And the backdrop was perfect.
from a theatrical point of view was
perfect but the second thing that troy
means is
Divide, cut.
Sword, yeah, sword to cut.
All right, so those are all correct.
So this begins with, you have to say,
what did Yahowah say about Ethan Ha as
Rocky?
He said he wrote thirty of the thirty-one
Mishals.
So now we're talking about Mishals,
so chances are he's talking about the same
guy.
So you convey Mashal portraits.
comprised of words.
This is going to be a word picture
about the fellow that he collaborates with
when drawing these word pictures for the
purpose of leading and guiding his people.
So you convey Mashal portraits comprised
of words.
So Leah is correct that when exercising
your authority,
that this is the first clue he's talking
about Ethan ha 'Ezrachy and all the
characters throughout time that Ethan
ha 'Ezrachy has played.
gloriously triumphing with the surging
sea,
agitating by majestically raising the
illustrious and reoccurring force of the
one from the West who can be abrasive.
That'd be you, darling.
So part of this is, you know,
it sounds stupid.
I mean, it really does,
even from my ear.
But that's what the words say.
When you read things like glorious,
triumphant, majestically, illustrious,
you know, you say, okay, God, come on.
You can temper it down.
I know.
Tone it down, please.
But that's not God.
It's not his style.
It's just not God's style.
And so...
You know, we're just not yet right.
He Dowds on his kids.
So this is this is who he is.
And he's not never going to change when
you read the rest of the eighty ninth
Ms.
Moore.
I mean,
just after he has said thirty wonderful
things about Dowd,
then he just goes over the top.
But that's who he is.
That's his style.
It's like when your kids bring home their
first crayon picture and you're like,
this is so beautiful.
This is the most magnificent art in the
world.
Yeah.
Of course.
The same thing.
And they become artists.
It's highly uncomfortable.
Real jobs.
Yes.
But okay.
So those words seemed over the top and
they would be over the top.
Well, they are over the top.
But they're from Yahowah and he's over the
top.
And part of that is that God's gone
for all of this time since the garden,
six thousand years.
And, you know,
there's maybe three or four handfuls of
people he's been able to relate to.
OK, so wait, stick a pin in it.
Yeah.
You're fifty four hundred years old.
How many times have you been inserted into
this timeline over and over?
There you go.
Keep this from going off the rails.
It is pretty magnificent.
It's the way that Yahowah is using.
Yeah.
That all.
And to Zasher.
Yeah, the fact is,
as we get later in this psalm,
Yahowah's going to go beyond saying that if
all the things that I have said about
Dowd are not accurate,
he doesn't just say that you can call
me a liar.
No.
He says, then I will have failed.
Yes.
Then I will have failed.
Which means that if this Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr didn't deliver the result that God
wanted,
if that intervention that he made possible
through his ‘Amah, his productive mother,
and her husband,
who is now Ethan Ha is Rocky,
if that did not work, we don't exist.
The world is over.
There is no fulfillment of anything going
forward.
It's all over.
Doe does not fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
By the way,
there wouldn't even be a Jesus because
there would be no character to build the
myth off of.
There'd be no Judaism because there'd be
no reason for a rival Bar Kokhba.
The world would already self-destructed.
Yahowah would have no reason to tamp it
down.
We're not here.
okay so so there was a lot going
on here so Yahowah was really pleased that
we had a a good result but you
know he does his normal thing he i
i say it uh lovingly he cheats uh
you know it's not that uh that we
went in and is he cheating or are
we cheating that we were spectacular as i
said once we get through the introduction
of the eighty-ninth ms more you know god
says okay kid that was that was great
uh and everything but i'll take it from
here
So you are delivering his testimony.
Who delivered the age to you?
Yes, Dr. Jeff.
I was going to say Craig and layer
allow you to be hyperbolic.
He thinks the world of you.
Fifty four hundred years onward from
Hanan.
Yeah.
Fourth.
And the point that Leia makes is a
very cogent and brilliant point that
starting with the rocky crog and the sea
and the goy and then, you know,
the Odem Adam coming round circle,
making the reference back to Esau to bring
home the family, to unite the family.
Yisrael and Yahuwdah it's just amazing it's
amazing so he is very very proud and
you know without you
we would all be in the abyss.
We wouldn't be.
They'd be in abyss.
We have to be a bit careful here,
and I want to say here's the bit
careful, is that God created the soul.
he picked his soul he called he prepared
the soul uh he trained him uh he
inserted him with all the tools necessary
to complete the job and then when he
he did as he was programmed to do
and taught to do uh prepared to do
uh then yeah that was really good you
left out a big part yes
He did what Adam didn't do.
He taught his wife.
What a dangerous thing to do,
to teach a girl to read Towrah.
I did.
I did teach my wife.
So I went way beyond what Adam did.
So anyway, that part of it,
it sounds over the top.
I know that to most people's ears,
that would really sound ridiculous.
Once you've been, as Dr. Jeff just said,
once you've become really comfortable with
the Yahowah, you just know that's his style.
And if somebody is working with the Yahowah
and you don't get that kind of a
glowing survey and assessment,
then there's something wrong because
that's just his style.
And if you don't do that with your
own kids, there might be something wrong.
You should, you should, but okay.
So, uh, so you, um,
convey Michelle portraits comprised of
words when exercising your authority,
gloriously triumphing, uh,
with the surging sea, the surging sea.
God's only got one Gowym that he goes
crazy with.
There's one Gowym that's, I mean, he is,
you know,
when you're dealing with Chanowk Enoch in
the beginning, he's Goy.
And, uh,
And every one of those insertions all the
way through the process,
even in Dabarym twenty nine,
when Moshe is talking about what's going
to happen in the future,
he says the end times,
it's going to be an accurate,
it's an observant foreigner that makes the
difference.
Obed-Edom that Yashayah and the sixty third
chapter is talking about that comes on the
scene and jumps in that wine vat with
Yashayah and
is his Zarowa,
the one cultivating his harvest.
He is obeying him again.
He is a goy,
and he's the one that saves Israel.
So goy from the sea.
That's why it's...
But he calls it a surging sea.
Yes.
Now,
you and I both know as divers and
people who have lived on and been on
many boats and on the water very often...
is that a surging sea can be both
lovely and very dangerous.
Of course,
and particularly near the shore.
Now,
the reason he is talking about the surging
sea is that the sea surges along the
shore.
So this is not a Goy that is
out just eroding Greenland.
This is a Goy whose influence is felt
in the land of Israel.
Yes.
So that's when he says it's a surging
sea.
It's agitating and majestic as he raises
up this illustrious and reoccurring force.
Reoccurring force and surging sea is a
similar concept.
And the concept that brings them together
is Ethan's name.
Ethan names means perpetually reoccurring.
Waves are perpetual.
They're constantly reoccurring.
Surging sea, reoccurring force,
and Ethan's name are parallels.
He does up his game occasionally.
Occasionally?
Sometimes you really have to pay attention
to understand the word pictures.
Sometimes he tells you, okay,
this is the word picture.
Figure it out.
It says, one from the west.
That'd be you.
Yeah, that would be the same fellow.
Who can be abrasive?
That'd definitely be you.
Abrasive is somebody you'll say, yeah,
you're abrasive.
I got no problem saying you got that
one right.
Agitating and abrasive.
But God's agitating and abrasive.
About as abrasive as an SOS pad.
Right.
Dowd was agitating and aggressive and
abrasive.
Absolutely.
More so than any of them.
Yeah.
ElYah is agitating and abrasive.
If you're going to represent...
Leia is agitating and abrasive.
She is.
That's true.
The only way you polish stone, though,
if you want stone to have that shiny
finish,
you just keep using lesser and lesser
abrasive.
But it's still abrasive, yeah.
And tumbling them like the water would.
The other thing, Craig,
is that in Yaa's description of Etan as
Raki, and what you and Leia have done,
what has always been the modus of operandi
since you began this journey is you go
where the words lead and this is where
the words have led so it is what
it is and god wants us to figure
it out and he's not um eliminating
anonymity and getting to specificity uh
for uh giggles
He wants people to understand how he's
working, who he's working with,
how this all will play out,
because then you're in a position to
listen and trust and benefit.
So God is giving you the heads up.
This is what I'm doing.
Yes,
this guy is irritating as all get out.
He's abrasive.
He is constantly relentless.
He just keeps on coming like the waves
on the sea.
But they will smooth out that coastline.
A coastline that hasn't had the sea hit
it for a long time,
like the volcanic coastlines of Hawaii,
they're jagged.
They're unapproachable.
But you look at a coastline that the
sea has approached for a very long time,
it's soft, beautiful sand.
You can walk there in your bare tootsies
and feel just the lovely nature of the
waves as they lap around.
around your feet so it does work and
this is what God says is I've used
this for a long time then it says
by lifting up his rolling stones stone is
you know what does a bull have they'd
say a bull has and that's the character
that I was trying to work with did
they use the word aben yeah at this
point was the word aben used
Well, no, it's Galuth and Galam.
But that's what the word means.
So it speaks of rolling rocks,
moving stones that are in these turbulent
waves to serve as a witness.
And
So the witness, the stones, and the waves,
still all the same word picture,
same individual, same purpose.
And God said, now,
I'm telling you that this person is
relentless, and they're agitating,
and they're aggressive,
and they're tough as stones,
and they're from the sea,
and he's from the West,
and he's into word pictures.
And then God said, and I'm using it.
So my guess is if, I mean,
my advice to you is that if you
don't like this,
you may wanna get out of the way.
And then it says,
you laud and extol them.
And this is them is plural only because
Gelem from Gaul speaks of these,
the stones and the plural sense.
So he's speaking of, you know,
that's got stones and they're carried by
the man from the West who is the
raging sea.
You laud and extol them.
God's into this.
This is saying, finally, God,
finally somebody is willing to stand up.
And Moshe, wonderful man of character,
and he did in his youth stand up
to Mitsraym, the taskmasters.
But after that,
any time that Israel revolted against him,
he did a faceplant.
He did not bow his back anymore.
And now Dowd did occasionally,
but most of the point when the Absalom
rebellion came, for example,
Dowd didn't confront that.
He bailed out of town.
So it's even in God's most important
characters,
there's not a lot of agitation of
somebody.
Dowd's words have agitation and grit,
but not his life.
And so now we're at a time where
God says, I want grit.
it's basically, uh, you know,
testicular fortitude and, uh, he loves it.
And it goes back to,
it goes back to being again,
and that's what, that's what he's into.
Uh, and, uh,
He's created the way you are assembled now
in modern parlance.
Right now, modern day era,
you're like a George Carlin and a Don
Rickles and you're in your face.
Yes, with a heavy dash of Elijah,
of ElYah, with the sarcasm.
God wanted somebody that's biting.
That's what he chose,
and that's what we're presenting.
So it says you laud and extol them.
You're exuberant in your statements,
and God is, boy,
is he ever over the top.
He is exuberant in his statements,
commending their value for eliminating the
noise.
calming the chaos, quieting the situation.
What's going to be really interesting as
we experience Taruwah going forward,
that the Al-Aqsa Flood II.O,
which is going to be ignited just over
a year from now,
and it's going to be in the range
of a thousand times worse than Al-Aqsa
Flood of October second, twenty three.
And it's going to be just extraordinarily
vicious around Israel.
And by the halfway point of the time
of Israel's troubles on Passover,
which is April eighteenth of twenty
thirty.
Eliana will appear.
And we're going to be really gritty at
that point.
We're going to be on the Temple Mount.
It's going to be reconfigured.
We've talked about what that's always
going to be.
You will have a plus eight.
Right.
But you have to understand,
I have a plus eight,
but you have to understand that all around
us, all around Jerusalem,
Nothing but chaos.
Nothing but chaos and Islamic terrorists
and terrible tragedy.
And so in that zone around the Temple
Mount where God is going to transform the
remaining remnant of his people,
there has to be some calm.
Yeah.
So you guys have some bets that you
know I don't suffer fools well,
and I can occasionally cop a temper.
And how long somebody is going to be
able to say something stupid before I
vaporize them.
yeah you've had a taste of what it's
like to be in the middle eastern country
right it's very unpleasant right so uh
we're going to calm that situation uh that
area around the temple mount is going to
be a place where Yahowah gets to present
his message and if you want to say
or do anything that's hostile to that
bye-bye you are just gone
Yeah, we have zero tolerance.
It's a zero tolerance time.
And so he's throwing stones at them.
He is stoning them by way of this
calming influence from his point of view.
To stone the malcontents that are trying
to destroy his people,
from God's point of view, that's calming.
It's loving.
It's a loving thing to do.
So now, Will,
you've had a little more time to think
about it.
Does some of that resonate a little more?
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
And I'll tell you what,
the next verse that you,
or the verse that we're doing now,
that one was always tricky.
It was always about...
the boisterous afflictor and his false
God.
Isn't it something like that?
Yeah.
Just, just such a tough one.
But now it's almost like you just have,
again, we, we talked about this, you know,
you have to have that paradigm shift.
And I,
and I kind of feel that that's kind
of how you have to just look at
it with a fresh set of eyes,
completely different.
And you have to have that foundation that
we've built for all these years
diligently.
But because you,
This brings up another point, Yada.
You know, when we talk to people,
I love all this new stuff that we're
learning, but sometimes it's like, how,
how am I going to,
how do I communicate all this?
This is a lot and it's wonderful for
us.
It's nothing but good news for me,
but I have to admit,
I struggle with how am I going to
communicate?
You know,
it's one thing that you're the knackery,
but this just gets.
And the answer is,
and the answer is you're not.
And Kevin's up there nodding his head.
Kevin was the first one to figure this
out.
And what you said is the amount of
time we have left is not enough time
for someone to read those books and to
come up to speed.
To be a solid, mature covenant member,
we're out of time.
And so we're going into Shabuwah with a
dedicated team that is prepared for
forevermore.
So all of this is for us, Yana.
So what we're doing now is we're not
trying to reach out.
We're not trying to transform Israel and
to get a bunch of anti-Yahowah Israelis to
all of a sudden accept Yahowah and to
reject the rabbis.
There isn't enough time to get that done.
That job
ElYah and I'm going to do.
We have three and a half years of
it with Yahowah's support on the Temple
Mount.
And then Yahowah is going to bring in
all the qualified Jews and Gowym from
around the world to benefit from that
solution.
And then we have a thousand years to
make them right.
So we have a thousand years to get
this right.
We can't and we'll get it right in
a thousand years with them.
We're not going to be able to get
them right in the time we have left.
So what we're doing, Will,
is actually for you.
It is for Kirk.
It is for Dr. Jeff.
It is for Kevin.
It is for JB.
It is for Leah.
It is for Rich.
It is for us.
So because we have to leave as a
team that we all are so tight,
so comfortable working together,
productive.
We are a well-oiled machine that we need
to get seamless.
God knows that he can reinsert us and
we're going to get the job done because
although we have a lot of time to
do it.
You just can't stumble out of the gates.
We're going to have to be prepared to
do this job, which is to mentor,
to exemplify, to teach, to guide,
to judge, all of that.
And if I may.
Yeah.
If you thought it was difficult dealing
with the goy or your family members or
the people at work or whatever,
wait until you get a load of us.
Cut your teeth on that.
Because you better have some really thick
skin.
You better know what resilience is.
And you better have some quick wit and
bring your A game.
the jews that we're going to encounter in
israel over those last three and a half
years are going to be the same jews
that were part of the exodus that same
attitude that rebelled against that's who
they are they're not going to change for
us they're going to be they're going to
be who they are the difference is that
god's not fooling around anymore uh and
neither are we and so we aren't either
And then when we move into the celebration
of Sukah for a thousand years,
and it's important for us to know who
we are and what we're going to do
so that we're prepared to do this,
that in this life where we have all
the free will and we can choose to
engage or disengage, learn or not learn,
support or not support,
it's really important that we refine the
attitudes and aptitudes of the key team
that will be doing this.
And the public needs to know that these
are the two faces that are going to
be there.
That's correct.
So that when we come back,
as we said we would do,
as Yahowah said, he would use this man,
Itan Ha-Israhi, to do this.
You need to listen.
He has a hundred names and titles.
That's just one.
I'm
two thirds of the way through the Eighty
Ninth Mismorn,
he has thirty already for Dowd and he
just keeps on ramping them up.
He has the people that he likes to
work with.
He has lots of functional working titles
that describe who they are and what
they're going to do.
So what this has said so far is
that the person delivering this message to
Dowd is not a subject of Dowd.
He is not somebody that just walked in
the door and said,
I think I'm not real pleased with some
of your behavior and God wanted me to
talk to you about it.
No, he goes into dough and says,
hey pal, shoulder to shoulder,
eyeball to eyeball,
I want to tell you who I am.
I want you to know exactly what I'm
going to do in the future.
I want you to know what I've done
in the past.
I want to get your attention.
I want to earn your respect by you
having an understanding of what our
working relationship is then, now,
and forevermore.
Because we're going to open the book.
We're going to start at Barbara Sheath,
Genesis one.
And we're going to turn right to it
and say,
do you recognize that greater luminary?
How about the lesser luminary?
You know who that is?
You know what their relationship is?
Do you understand why it says that there
are signs for the Mowedym?
You understand that you're gonna fulfill
the first three and I'm gonna fulfill the
next?
You understand who we are together and how
we're gonna work together and this is
never going to end?
So this is a way that God's going
about that whole process of saying,
the man that's gonna deliver this message
to you
He is your confidant.
He is your supporter.
He's going to play dad.
He's going to be a father figure and
his wife is going to be a mother
figure for you going forward.
That's who this is.
And so he is saying now we're going
to go into this next passage where that
same man that he has just described in
these word picture takes on those most
effective foe.
And it is God's most effective foe that
we face.
And so this is what he has done.
He has set this up as a...
There is a really happy dog right there.
He probably just broke wind.
I don't know.
Maybe so.
We're going to put him down.
I actually think he wants to go see
Perry, who is now in this chair.
Yep, that's exactly what he wanted.
uh you can see that's uh perry in
the happy seat uh over there uh before
we move on to the next um line
perry you've had a chance to process this
although a lot of this happened as you
were um moving but now that you're uh
you're here what do you what do you
think about uh what we've just read well
it all it all starts to make sense
when you look at the Towrah and how
it all plays out at the end and
can you hear him by the way
Yes, on your mic.
I can hear him on your mic.
Okay,
because I'm not hearing him in my headset.
I'm just hearing him from... It's me.
Pardon?
It's me.
Okay, so we'll get him back.
Okay, go ahead.
Well, it all fits together as a story.
You know,
this all has to play out a certain
way for it all to work out.
And that's what's the most amazing thing
that's come out in the last month or
so, that it makes sense now, finally.
Yeah, the biggest challenge along the way,
and then we'll go to this next statement,
the biggest challenge along the way is to
figure out how could God keep his people
and plan apace?
What did he do when, you know,
Pesach, Matsah, and Pekoram,
he couldn't fulfill them any old time.
They had to be fulfilled on year four
thousand YAH and on Pesach, on Matsah,
and on Pekoram in year four thousand YAH.
And he had to have,
there's only one person on the planet that
could fulfill it and he had to be
there.
And he had to be of the right
attitude and he had to be supported in
the right way.
And he couldn't send him until he was
in the right attitude.
And this present life where he fell off
so far away from Yahowah that they weren't
even talking anymore.
And that had to be rectified.
So you can see that God is constantly
trying to intervene when he needs to,
to resolve this.
And he knew what Moshe's strengths were.
But he knew that Moshe needed help,
particularly with those Israelites.
There was no way those Israelites were
going to follow him.
The last time they saw Moshe,
they told him to go away.
They were going to turn him in.
And so someone had to be there.
And so when Moshe hears of Maidod and
Eldod with the spirit of Yahowah speaking
for Yahowah, he doesn't say,
I have no idea who those guys are.
He knows exactly who those guys are.
That's why he says, oh,
this is really good.
Because they were there the whole time
with him.
You just recognize it.
That's why I said I was reading the
twelfth psalm the other day out there in
our ocean studio.
And I said, oh, my God,
I don't even know how I can continue
because I've just seen what's actually
taking place here.
I know where I was in thirty three
C.E.
And I know where Leo was in thirty
three Z.
At least I was smart enough to cut
a deal with God.
It says, you know,
I'll go do all these things,
but I get to bring my wife with
me.
And I really like my wife.
I really love my wife.
And she's really smart.
She's a huge contributor.
I want to do these things with her,
not without her.
And so I saw us there.
That was pretty amazing.
It's miraculous the way you and Leo were
able to repair Doge Nisama.
And then the fact that the support that
you were there, eyewitness, word witness,
you were there to support him as he
endured from...
from Pesach into Matsah when he went to
Sheowl it was actually more than just being
a witness I don't know if I'll ever
flesh all that out but I did go
to the the twenty second Mizmowr and I
looked at it with fresh eyes and it's
there so no it was a lot more
than a witness but at that point we
have so much invested in him he is
our adopted son and we love him
And there's no way we're letting him go
off and do something like this on his
own.
We're there with him.
And so you see how God makes this
possible.
And it's an ingenious plan.
And so he found a couple of personalities.
he could use in this way.
And I am also convinced and I'll develop
it maybe more over time.
Maybe we don't need to know it at
this point and we'll develop it later.
But the fact is that Yahowah's first
encounter with Dowd was not when he was
an eight year old shepherd down there in
Bethlehem when he's told Shamuw’el, no,
go retrieve the other one.
And God says, you know,
that my criterion for picking people is
different than yours.
And this is the one that I have
chosen.
And he anoints him and puts his spirit
upon him.
There is a zero percent possibility that
that was the first meeting between Dowd
and Yahowah.
Sure.
Dowd did something that got Yahowah's
attention.
And I could never imagine who that could
be until I saw Dowd at his worst.
And then I knew who that was.
They have a relationship that goes way
back.
That's exactly the right thing.
What we're seeing is how the timeline all
unfolds.
When you begin to see it,
your first response is,
this is going to be way beyond.
anybody that is a casual listener it might
there might be a really bright secular jew
out there that says oh my this is
exactly as it i would have suspected that
this is makes perfect sense to me it's
like when you all were listening maybe i
was doing a talk radio show years and
years ago on some subject and you listen
to that makes perfect sense now now i
understand i want to go read what that
guy has done because
That makes sense.
And that's how we all came together.
And I'm sure there's going to be some
Yahuwdym and some Israelites out there and
some more who are going to come to
that position.
But the fact is,
we're out of time for that.
That's not our job anymore.
Our job is to establish ourselves under
those criterion that God's looking for so
that he can use us
as a team going forward because this job
cannot be done individually it just cannot
you have to have a team that you're
relying on and that team has to be
family and that's why when leia said you
know i'm happy for mariah she is
celebrating shabbat with her uh her
husband what was her response every time
that we're around that woman every time
and i've never met her personally i'm just
online uh but i've known her online for
ten years.
She's spectacular.
You know, she's attitude, aptitude.
She's the kind of person that you would
say,
I'd be happy to work with her and
to have her part of a team.
And you know that you could rely on
her without ever questioning her motives
or attitude or anything else.
And that's what we're developing.
And so that is that is why we've
I think had the floodgates open up,
so I don't think you can share this
with other people that it's going to
resonate with them.
But we have hundreds and hundreds of
presentations of the Yahowah blog up to close
to a thousand hours of it now and
twenty five thousand pages of books.
They don't have to start where we are.
There's a lot of great places to start.
Yes, Kirk.
Great question.
All this material that you put together so
brilliantly and it's beautiful.
I'm staggered by what you and Joe and
all the family has been doing.
But will that be available up until the
time we return?
Oh, sure.
Okay, so that's going to be protected.
It'll still be out there in the ether
so they can get a hold of it
and read it.
Nothing ever disappears from the web.
No, in fact,
I was talking to Joe about these new
additions that we're adding and the
various layers that we're adding.
I said, you know,
if you're able to do all of this,
it takes it from a tool that is
going to be effective over the next year
to one that's effective over the next
seven years to one that's effective over
the next year.
One thousand years.
This is our home.
This is our base.
This is where we're going to disseminate
information.
And even Joe said, yeah, I agree.
I think that we can make it that
good.
I think we can make it such that
it is our base going forward.
And that was a huge turning point for
me, for Joe,
as now that's what we're building now.
We're building this
uh for that thousand year period of Sukah
um i have come to the conclusion that
kevin was right and you were the first
one to say it there's not enough time
left we need to shift gears yeah no
that's that's important you okay with that
jb or is that pretty radical to you
no that makes like this point we're
leaving a legacy you know there's going to
be two and a half three and a
half years where we're not going to be
here we got to have something left behind
for people to see
Correct.
And during that period,
with this legacy and with us gone,
and then somebody is going to say,
you know, first,
I want to check into this because that's
pretty extraordinary.
And they really did disappear.
Now, let me read what they have.
And then when we reappear on the Temple
Mount,
that's going to be the people that are
ready to listen and become part of that
Taruwah gleaning before even the sacrifice
of the Adamah Parah.
That is the impetus that puts them in
the position where they're ready.
And the beauty of that is it's going
to be such a deadly time that we're
entering over these next seven years that
those people who make that determination
will be spared from the carnage.
They will survive it.
Because I think we all probably know that
we've shared this with that when the
Shabuwah harvest happens,
they're going to go, oh, you know,
maybe they were on to something.
Yeah, maybe they're onto something.
It's not gonna be a lot of us.
So it's gonna be just as we read
in Yashayah,
most people are having no clue what
happened and that's fine because we're not
trying to reach a lot of people.
I have changed radically over my lifetime
going from an introvert that always knew
that this life was going to lead to
something like this.
to being an extrovert because I didn't
like being an introvert.
It was just too frustrating for me.
I don't know how you would ever accomplish
what I thought was in store as an
introvert.
So I taught myself to be an extrovert.
I learned the skills to be an extrovert.
I'm not going to be an extrovert going
forward.
I'm going to become an introvert again.
And I think Yahowah's an introvert.
I think Dowd's an introvert.
I think most of us are introverts,
which means we're really comfortable
around a small number of groups of people
that we really enjoy their company and
enjoy that tremendously,
enjoy Yahowah's company tremendously.
But our goal is not to have a
mob enter the Millennial Shabbat or for us
to be part of a mob going forward.
We're gonna do our job,
we'll set up the proper example,
we'll teach,
but God's not trying to have a mob.
I'm telling you,
he would have been happy just with Dowd.
Now he couldn't have just Dowd without
other people being part of it.
And it's gonna be a lot more interesting
with more of us than it would be
with fewer of us
this is not gonna be a crowded event.
When we all sit around the campfire,
when we are celebrating Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym, you know,
going forward throughout that thousand
year period,
and we're still singing songs together and
enjoying the Mow'ed Miqra'ey,
we're all gonna be able to well know
each other's name.
We'll know who each other are.
And I think that's a marvelous part of
this.
All right, Rich,
you wanna chime in to this or?
It's been a wonderful experience.
I mean,
I like to tease you and ask you
how old you are.
And that kind of started this summer.
And it's been like an onion.
You peel off another layer after layer.
And it became, we talked about,
it's obvious that somehow some souls are
being inserted in certain time periods.
And there was a hand.
So we were like,
there's a handful of souls that Yahowah
truly loves.
And he's, you know,
now that you've paced all this together,
It answers those questions.
I don't have to ask how old you
are,
but it's at least five thousand years.
But you guys have been around a long
time and probably including Dowd.
And even Elliot.
And it's true, just like Kevin,
you were the first one to came to
the realization that we're not here to to
solicit a throng of people for Shabuwah.
There's no time for that anymore.
So what are we here for?
We're here to nurture and support and
teach this
inner circle of people that are going to
go forward.
And Rich is very similar on what he
just said.
He came to the idea that, you know,
you've been here before.
This is not your first time through this
material.
And you are now figuring out exactly what
your role is, has been,
and is going forward.
And that was before I came to these
conclusions.
But then you see it with fresh eyes
and you say,
I know exactly what that's talking about
now.
And
I think it's important for us to know
what our role is and why God's so
into this role and what's going to happen.
Okay, so we're going to go forward here.
It says, you batter and bruised,
or you can make it future tense.
You will batter and bruise.
It's written in the perfect.
So the perfect would mean that it's a
completed action.
Now, completed actions,
our mindset is the completed actions are
something that's already taken place,
but that's not the way that the perfect
works.
It's an action that is not ongoing.
It happens at a finite period of time,
but that finite period of time can be
in the past, the present,
or in the future.
So it could be you will batter and
you will bruise, defeating.
because it's in the perfect.
You will reject and you will overthrow,
crushing the oppressor,
shattering while making contrite the
slander.
That which should be compared to the
reprehensible and pervasive,
the diseased and deadly,
the deplorable and defiling nature of the
ever popular.
So this is kaha shalal.
This is describing the menace that we're
up against.
So God has now said that the rolling,
continuing rolling and agitating waves of
the sea with the stones dispersed in them,
that that person that is going to quiet
the situation,
those stones and those waves are going to
batter and bruise something that is now
being compared to
That which is reprehensible,
that's not good,
but it's not just reprehensible,
it's pervasive.
We're not talking about an isolated
situation here.
This is something that is quite popular.
Reprehensible, pervasive, diseased,
deadly, deplorable, defiling,
but ever popular.
The profane and pervasive,
polluting and desecrating associations
which commonly corrupt,
which lead to divorce,
which fatally wound,
which pierce and slay.
It's from Jallah,
which is to sicken and to weaken,
to inflict with the disease of,
and here's that name, Rahab.
You're going to want to know that name,
Rahab.
This is the name that Yahowah chose,
and we'll develop this, Rahab.
Rahab is the conceited and contentious,
loudmouth and pretentious afflictor.
the emboldened, confusing,
and audacious monster with the mythical
God.
Rahab, arrogant and stormy,
frenzied and haughty,
insolent and idolatrous,
defiant and overly verbose,
senseless and insubordinate,
self-absorbed and self-motivated,
an abuser falsely claiming divine status
and authorization at the least opportune
time while soliciting religious worship.
Sounds like X. I wonder who that is.
Yeah, I wonder who that might be.
Do you think it's the same guy that
I deduced after studying the book of
Daniel again and studying Ezekiel and
putting all the pieces together of the
prophetic portrayal of this individual?
And, hmm, same guy, huh?
The cop,
a confabulator who gave some silly address
the other night?
Yep.
That's the one.
That is the one.
Okay,
so I'm going to read it again from
the beginning without so much commentary,
and then we're going to continue through
it because God's got some more to say
about this.
You will batter and bruise,
defeating that which should be compared to
the reprehensible and pervasive,
diseased and deadly,
deplorable and defiling nature of the ever
popular.
He is exceedingly popular, obviously,
in Israel.
Rahab.
the conceited and contentious one,
loud mouth, pretentious afflictor,
the emboldened,
confusing and audacious monster with his
mythical God.
With your empowered and fortified,
courageous and confident,
unyielding and resolute, Bo'az.
Ba-Oz,
which is exactly how you spell the name
of Bo'az, as in Ruth's husband,
as in the name of that column that's
on the north side of the temple porch,
Bo'az.
Your empowered Bo'az Zaroa,
your strong arm,
the one cultivating the harvest on behalf
of the sacrificial lamb.
You isolate and separate your adversaries.
Ms.
Moore, lyrics to saying Psalm, eight,
eight, nine, ten.
Now understand here,
this is Ethan Haizraki.
He's telling us,
actually he's telling Dowd by speaking to
Yahowah,
what Yahowah is going to do and what
he has done.
He's fully aware of where he's going.
And so he has just said,
that that guy from the sea,
from the West,
who is so agitating like the relentless
waves,
who is really into the word pictures,
that it's that guy that is going to
be used to batter and bruise and defeat,
to reject and overthrow, to crush,
to shatter,
to make contrite the slander of that which
is comparable to reprehensible, pervasive,
Diseased, deadly, deplorable,
defiling nature of the ever popular Rahab.
So this Rahab,
he is not some little guy in a
hovel.
This is not some little rat out there.
This is not a lone wolf.
This is a man with a big support,
not only in the nation that ultimately
betrays Israel, the United States,
but in Israel itself.
And he is the most popular person in
Israel now.
They review him or think of him as
the second coming of Cyrus.
He's going to call himself God.
This is Donald Trump.
And it's Donald Trump, you might say,
okay,
we're just a weaselly man that's vicious.
I mean, he's all these things.
He's the copper confabulator.
He's diseased.
He's deadly.
He's deplorable.
He's very popular, but he is defiling.
And he is conceited.
He's contentious.
He's loudmouthed.
He's pretentious.
He is emboldened.
He's confusing.
He's audacious.
And he's going to present himself as a
god.
So, yep, all right.
So you might say...
So what's the big deal?
He's a eighty-year-old man with a
disgusting attitude.
Why would God make such a big deal
about taking him down?
Because we're going to read,
because there's four places where Rahab is
mentioned.
This is one of the four.
We're going to read the other three.
And when you read the other three,
you know who this man is?
And he is much more than a man.
He's Satan incarnate.
This is Satan.
That's the reason why I said that with
Donald Trump, I said,
you're looking at a demon-possessed man
and said so a year and a half
ago.
And it's obvious now that he is demonic.
This is Satan.
And that's why it's a big deal to
bring him down.
Because guess who can't come back until
Satan is done?
Dowd.
Oh, Yahowah could know.
But Satan is the one who,
when you read the fourteenth chapter of
Isaiah,
and you realize who he wants to be,
he doesn't say that he wants to be
greater than God.
He knows that's not possible.
He says he wants to be above Elyown.
And now we know who Elyown is,
because in the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
Yahowah identifies Elyown as Dowd.
His victim is Dowd.
That's the reason why there's a Jesus
Christ.
I'm going to rise above Dowd.
That's why there was a Bar Kokhba.
I'm rising above Dowd.
That's what Satan wants.
Because if you rise above Dowd,
you eliminate the only path to salvation.
You eliminate the only path to Yahowah
return.
And you eliminate the only path to
salvaging this planet.
And so he wants to be above Elyown.
So guess who can't come back until that's
rid, the world's rid of him?
Elyown.
Dowd.
So in him striking,
he will be his last blow.
Yeah.
So that is the story.
And it's like the animal.
Yes.
So I'm going to read it again from
the beginning because there's more to it.
It's just that it's hard to go on
because each part of it is so powerful.
So you're going to batter and bruise
defeating that which should be compared to
the reprehensible and pervasive,
the disease, deadly and deplorable,
the defiling nature of the ever popular
Rahab,
the conceited and contentious loudmouth,
pretentious afflictor, the emboldened,
confusing and audacious monster with his
mythical God,
doing so with your empowered and
fortified, courageous and confident,
unyielding and resolute Bo'az, Zarowa,
strong arm,
the one cultivating the harvest on behalf
of the sacrificial lamb.
You isolate and separate your adversaries.
This sentence and the previous
pronouncement, the one that led to it,
are coupled.
That's why we spent so much time on
them.
The impactful stones flung out of the
raging sea by the gorm,
the goy from the west,
that's on Yahowah's behalf,
and they're gonna have a battering and
bruising effect on the most arrogant and
boisterous of monsters, Satan,
and his political and religious stalwarts,
including the man that he has possessed.
This is partly true with the great
betrayer, Satan incarnate, Donald Trump,
and of his following.
As he is, I shouldn't say partly true,
it's particularly true.
It's absolutely true of the great
betrayer, Satan incarnate,
Donald Trump and his following.
And by the way,
we're not attacking Donald Trump because
we're flaming liberals.
We're not.
In fact,
I would say most of us would probably
be too conservative to be Republicans.
So we're not coming at it from a
progressive perspective.
Marxist point of view we're coming at this
from the point of view of we're students
of the Towrah and prophets God described
who this person was going to be and
there's a perfect match with Donald Trump
and we're opposed to ha-Satan so that's why
we're opposed to him now there's a lot
of other reasons to be opposed to him
he's an absolute flaming nincompoop but
that's a better one so he is the
one
to whom we were forewarned by the
prophets.
Now,
just as the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr speaks
directly to Dowd in the here and now
to pull him out of his current stupor,
its larger mission is to reintroduce the
Messiah as our savior while announcing the
King's return.
That is the primary purpose of this song.
And that is why Ha-Isra'ki is addressing
the man from the West who will emerge
from the sea,
becoming the final authorized and
empowered, the Bo'az Zarowa.
And in support of Dowd and Yisrael,
he must defeat Rahab before the king's
return.
When we're introduced to Ruth,
And she is questioned, you know,
who are you?
I am your ‘Amah,
the productive mother that is credited for
intervening on behalf of Dowd.
And then she tells Bo'az,
I'm going to bring you the kinsman
redeemer.
Guess what?
That's what we're witnessing in this.
This is the deliverance of the kinsman
redeemer through Bo'az,
who is the final Zarowa.
And guess who's also on the scene once
again?
Miss Leia as the Amah.
It's a team project.
So as we discovered when investigating the
identity of Ethan ha 'Ezrachy,
It was he who wrote the Mashal,
doing so in service to Dowd and to
Solomon.
That was his purpose.
And as a result,
he is developing another word picture
here,
portraying himself as if he were a slew
of rocks,
stones embedded within the surging waves
of the sea to be abrasive when beating
down Rahab,
the conceited and confounding afflictor.
He is saying that Yahowah has lauded his
effort and he's issued exuberant
statements because he will have the
ability to calm that situation in a moral
way without all of the attention of God
re-emerging as a column of fire.
God's not gonna have to re-emerge until
this is all cleared up.
So it is clear from Ethan's assessment
that the influence of Rahab
will be as deplorable as this combination
of man and a demon is deadly and
defiling.
And because of his popular appeal,
particularly as he garners the trust of
Israel only to betray God's people, boy,
they really make a mess of things this
time by Israel not being able and that
we tried so hard on X.
to let Israel know, and on Facebook,
to let Israeli influencers and thought
leaders know,
don't be touting Donald Trump.
You think he is your big ally.
No, he is your betrayer.
And the prophets have spoken,
he's your betrayer.
And if you don't recognize that,
you're gonna be betrayed by him and you're
gonna, you know,
millions of Israelis are gonna lose their
lives.
We tried so hard and it didn't resonate
with them.
I'm not surprised.
So the individual framed by this name is
defined as conceited and contentious,
confounding and confusing.
He is a loud mouth and audacious
politician who is both chaotic and
frenzied and yet still popular,
particularly among Jews.
Today,
one does not have to be a genius
to deduce that ha 'Ezrachy is directing our
attention to the mercurial, egomaniacal,
confabulator, Donald J. Trump.
Affirming this conclusion,
we will consider how Ethan came upon this
name.
He didn't pluck this name from obscurity.
But before we do,
there's an interesting note here that
Rahab is Yahowah's Oeb adversary.
making him either ha-Satan, the adversary,
or someone directly affiliated with Satan.
Further, he is being taken down,
battered and bruised through the
conviction and confidence exhibited by
Yahowah's Bo'az Zarowa.
This isn't just your Zarowa.
And a lot of times Yahowah will have
Oz in front of Zarowa.
This time it's Bo'az Zarowa.
So this is the battle royale,
the ultimate showdown.
I've always said that Yom Taruwah is going
to be the greatest show on earth.
It's going to be a doozy.
So recognizing this,
the Zarowa's identity was obvious to Ha is
Rocky because he knew that, well,
there would be three of them, Moshe, Dowd,
and Yadav.
therefore cognizant of the fact that this
song was written to restore Dowd's
relationship with Yahowah,
and then reestablishing the king's
reputation with Israel,
this Zarowa cannot be Dowd,
even though he would become the most
glorious of them on Passover as the Pesach
Eyal.
Now,
we know this to be true because the
one bringing Rahab down
is from the sea,
therefore he is a goy.
And this victim wouldn't materialize for
another two thousand years.
Not Dowd.
So in this context,
Ethan is letting Dowd know that he will
not be serving alone,
and he is not gonna have to come
back to a contentious world where Satan
exists anymore.
the man talking to him is gonna be
used by Yahowah to take Satan out of
the picture.
Now that's quite a responsibility.
And the king isn't the only one being
asked to fulfill a Mowedym because this
doesn't happen just on a random day.
This happens on Taruwah with the sacrifice
of the Adamah Parah.
And the face of this demonic adversary,
is far worse than the influence of Rome
in Judea in thirty-three CE.
So the man closest to Dowd in service
to God, Ethan,
the perpetually reoccurring, the resolute,
the continuously deployed,
the eternally engaged one,
which is the definition of Ethan,
is the one engendering Dowd's trust.
And he is demonstrating two will have
plenty of skin in the game.
Now, this is no game,
but it's a plot of God's story.
And sin of the game is a very
effective colloquial phrase that says that
you're not just a storyteller here,
you're a player, you're committed.
Like when I wrote Prophet of Doom and
then later Goddamn Religion and the five
volumes of Goddamn Religion to expose and
condemn Islam to save Israel from Islam
and from Satan,
who is the God of Islam.
I received many,
many thousands of death threats.
It's called skin in the game.
Are you willing to take a shot for
the common good?
That's what Dowd did on Pesach.
Are you willing to endure that for the
good of many?
So he is demonstrating that he too will
have skin in the game and that he
will shed his blood for Yisrael
and for the Melek king.
So even as the world disregards what Dowd
has achieved,
the final empowered Zarowa will take the
opposite approach.
He will cultivate the Shabuwah and the
Taruwah harvest such that the king's
subsequent homecoming on Yowm Kipurym will
be well attended,
it's going to be appropriately celebrated.
be no interference.
He is therefore in the best position to
reassure Doe that while reestablishing his
reputation on the cusp of his return is
very, very good,
and he should be appreciative of that,
then no one on the planet knows the
king better at this point or cares more
about him or will do more for his
benefit than the man delivering this
message.
That's what's being conveyed here.
He's taking down the big guy.
This is a guy of much bigger than
Goliath.
This is Satan.
So these things considered,
under normal circumstances,
we would have several options when
translating Zarowa, for example.
In the Towrah,
it addresses the sacrificial lamb,
making it symbolic of Dov fulfilling
Passover.
It is also used with regard to Moshe,
who served as the extension of the arm
of God when liberating the Israelites from
captivity.
And yet we are also aware that the
title is defined by its verbal root,
which is Zarowa.
And what does Zerah means there, JB?
Seeds.
Seeds which are strong,
cultivated for a harvest.
And that is the definition of Zarowa as
it applies to the last of them.
And that's the definition that's
applicable to this situation.
Therefore,
since this Zarowa is being wielded by
Yahowah at a time in that he is
being equated to the stones,
that are in those crashing waves of the
sea that are so agitating and abusive and
aggressive.
And when he is said to be Ba'oz,
brimming with confidence and conviction
while empowered as resolute and steadfast,
Azizaroah,
the very strong arm and God cultivating
this harvest,
he's engaged in bruising and besting the
adversary.
Now, again,
We're mortal men.
There's only so much we can do.
But when we're empowered by God,
when we have conviction and we are
trusting and reliant on God,
there is nothing we can't accomplish.
So this is Yada.
This is the Nakry.
This is the Choter.
This is the man from Edom.
Ethan is speaking of himself to reassure
the king.
and to assert his right to write this
Psalm and then explain it as we approach
the end.
So it's not just delivering this message
to dote.
It's then using this message to make it
possible for a dote to be appreciated
again and return.
This Psalm is not just used once.
It's being used now for exactly the same
purpose.
So speaking of reassurance,
it isn't the only time that the Zarowa
title appears in this song.
It also speaks of .
Moreover,
Zarowa is essential to the prophecy
pertaining to the Nakry delivered by
Shalowmo, right?
Always woven in.
And it was used by Yashayah when
introducing the Passover lamb in the
fifty-third chapter of Isaiah, was it not?
He says, you want to understand this,
you better figure out the identity of the
one who knows who the Zarowa are.
Telling us that the man who comes to
recognize their identity is the one who
can properly explain the prophecy of the
sacrificial lamb.
Therefore, while Yahowah is the final zero,
there's just no other candidate for that
job.
The arm of God cultivating the seeds.
And don't be envious because that's the
last thing you want to do is to
step into these shoes at this time.
He is the most formidable weapon Yahowah
will have ever wielded against Satan,
the way he's using him.
And it is why our relationship began by
exposing and condemning the adversary's
role in Islam and his propensity to be
genocidal against Yahuwdym.
Remember I said that I didn't know more
about why that Dome of the Rock is
there, why it's an embarrassment to Islam,
why it's going to be removed when I
return.
There's no person more qualified to stand
on that Temple Mount and to speak to
Jews with the Islamic scars removed than I
am after having written those five volumes
of goddamn religion,
excoriating Allah and Muhammad in Islam.
That's why you couldn't do this job
without having written that.
And you couldn't do this job without
having written the five volumes of
twistianity.
So when all those Christians out there
says, no, you're speaking to our Jesus.
He's the son of God.
He's the Messiah.
No, no, he isn't.
Absolutely isn't.
And so you had to have that to
be among those stones.
that are quieting this situation.
You know,
he took down Goliath with a stone.
This time it's gonna take more than one
stone.
The target's a little bigger.
So it's why our relationship, as I said,
began by taking down Islam.
That's why the five volumes of Goddamn
Religion were buttressed with five more.
in twistianity,
eviscerating Satan's diabolical influence
and turning Christianity into the plague
of death for Jews by robbing Dowd of
his dignity and his achievements.
No one in all of human history has
ever written as much or been as effective
when excoriating Satan's religious ploys.
Now, while I stand with Yahowah,
we stand alone in this regard.
And it's important,
back to Kevin's conclusion up there.
Our focus now is us getting prepared for
what we're going against.
And you need to know now that we're
going against Satan and that we're
responsible for bringing him down.
So, you know, if you're timid,
this would be a good time to bail.
I wouldn't recommend it because we
prevail.
I know.
I'd hang in there.
We do prevail.
And so,
but you need to know who you're going
against.
And that's what makes this prophecy
presenting the demise of Rahab at the
hands of Bo'az Zarowa
so relevant for then and for now.
Hard to even recognize I met Leah because
God told her to go ask Ruth and
Ruth talked about Bo'az and being the ‘Amah,
this productive woman,
and how we're gonna deliver the kinsmen
redeemer.
And so as to not let this opportunity
pass
without gleaning as much as we can from
this pronouncement.
Let's see how much more we can learn
about the identity of Rahab in connection
with how this prophecy regarding the
battle against Yahowah's fortified Zerub
will take place.
And this, Will,
is the missing piece that didn't exist in
the previous renditions.
I came up with Rahab.
I translated it accurately,
just not completely.
And I didn't take the time to translate
all of the other places where it's
mentioned.
And the reason I didn't,
is that I had no idea who Ethan
ha 'Ezrachy was.
I had no idea what the,
I thought the purpose of this was just
to help us understand that Dowd is the
Messiah and our savior and the son of
God who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bequedim in thirty-three CE.
Oh, that was the purpose of it.
And
Now you realize what the real purpose of
this was and who it was written by.
Now when you see a name like the
stones that are agitating from the sea are
going to batter and bruise the ever
popular and the antagonizing egomaniacal
Rahab, and you know who that is,
and you know who God is speaking of,
now you're going to look it up.
That's why I think one of the smartest
things you do is you.
Where this leads.
And since there are four passages,
we've just considered one,
let's see how this one relates to the
other three.
So beginning with the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
so that it's foremost in our minds,
I'll read through that again,
and then we're going to go to the
other three.
You convey Mashal portraits comprised of
words when exercising your authority,
gloriously triumphing with the surging
sea,
agitating by majestically raising the
illustrious and reoccurring force of the
one from the West who can be abrasive.
By lifting up his rolling stones and rocks
among the turbulent waves as a witness,
you laud and extol them with exuberant
statements, commending their value,
eliminating the noise, calming the chaos,
and quieting the situation through them.
You're going to batter and bruise,
reject and silence,
crushing that which should be compared to
the reprehensible and pervasive.
the diseased and deplorable,
the deadly nature of the ever popular
Rahab,
the conceited and contentious loud mouthed
deflector, the emboldened, confusing,
the audacious monster with the mystical
God.
Through your Bo'az Zarowa,
you're empowered, fortified, courageous,
confident, and unyielding, resolute,
strong arm cultivating the harvest.
You isolate and separate your adversaries
The reason there were stones in those
waves is that the adversary is manifest in
a number of places.
He's Allah.
He's Jesus.
He's Hashem.
He's Judaism.
He's Islam.
He's Christianity.
He's Maga.
He is Donald Trump.
He is the worst of America.
He is all of that.
He is Netanyahu.
There's one stone isn't going to get it
done this time.
Rahab is likely Yahowah's most formidable
foe.
He is adversarial.
And being adversarial,
Rahab is deplorable while pervasive.
He is equated to the reprehensive pandemic
disease spread by popular repeal,
which would make him very equivalent to
Pauline Christianity.
Fortunately,
Rahab is thwarted by the Mashal Proverbs,
inspired by Yahowah, and scribed by Ethan.
The surging sea that God brings against
Rahab through exuberant statements calms
the chaos that he has infused into
politics.
Ultimately,
Yahowah's empowered and emboldened Zarowa
triumphs against him,
silencing and crushing the adversary.
It's going to wield words at them,
and those words are going to really bite.
Now,
this is prophetically pointing towards
Yahowah's library of words.
Yada Yahowah,
the volumes positioned against the satanic
religions.
Yada Yahowah.com,
glad we went there at the beginning of
this program.
Twistianity, that volumes are appalling,
toerless, devil's advocate, incredible,
and foolology.
Goddamn religion, the volumes are snake,
satanic, submission, slaughter,
and sunnah.
Babel,
the series books individually are beast,
abominable and venomous.
In addition to Yada Yada,
particularly Time of Trouble,
where this is all laid out,
which prophetically identifies this beast
and the harvest,
which specifies the circumstances under
which this adversary meets his doom.
And also relevant,
All of this pertains to Dowd because
Christianity stole his legacy.
Islam murdered his people.
Judaism took them all away from him.
And the events of the last days all
lead to the King's return.
So regarding Rahab, as we know, Yashayah,
Isaiah,
is devoted entirely to exposing and
condemning this arrogant Babylonian beast
and confabulator with a diabolical legacy.
But since Satan appears there by the name
of Halal bin Chakar,
let's turn to the other places where the
adversary bears this particularly menacing
title, Rahab.
Now,
recognizing that it is the most confusing
of the three, we'll start there.
The first of these chronologically is
found in the Mizmowr Psalms.
It's in AD seven four.
The reasons for concern are that it's
short seven lines were scripted by the
sons of Korah,
men with a highly checkered past.
The Mizmowr would have been written by
those in service to Dowd,
but it affords Yahowah credit for founding
the city of Dowd as opposed to Dowd.
It says that Ya'aqob lived there,
which is not the case unless his name
is being used as a metaphor for Israel.
But even then,
they would have just moved in moments
before.
And after saying that significant things
are spoken of the city of God without
mentioning one,
the lyrics abruptly transitioned to
remembering Rahab,
whose only prior mention was as a
prostitute in Jericho serving Israeli
spies.
Nevertheless,
this Rahab is associated with Babylon and
the message is said to be a warning
to the Philistines.
to the Phoenicians, it reads.
Mizmowr,
melodious lyrics of a song of the sons
of Korosh, which means bald.
The foundation is by him and within this
set apart mount.
Yahowah loves the gates of Zion,
the signs posted along the way,
more than all of the other dwelling places
of Ya'aqob.
Reward or consequence, AD seven two.
Significant and weighty, notoriety,
distinguishing and honorable things,
Kabed, are spoken within you,
city of the almighty.
Salah, ponder the implications.
I remember and recall Rahab,
the conceited and contentious,
Loudmouth Afflictor,
this confusing and audacious monster and
his mythical God.
And Babel,
the confounding confusion by commingling
in Babylon.
Approach those who are familiar with Yada
and who know me.
This was Yada written in the participle.
Behold and beware, Philiste.
those calling yourself Palestinians who
are currently rolling in the dust,
soar the flint and knife of Tyre,
and those with cush who are boring and
digging tunnels.
Prophecy is something that God's pretty
good at.
This was conceived there by this name.
And of Zion,
the signs posted along the way,
it will be said,
one man and then another individual were
conceived for her.
Then he himself will establish, develop,
prepare,
and appoint her steadfast and ready.
For Elyown,
for all things pertaining to the influence
of God.
In writing down a written record of the
people and family,
it's this one who was conceived and
brought forth,
thereby this name and renown.
Shall I ponder the implications?
So singers in harmony with dancers,
all my springs and sources of life are
with you.
Mizmowr Psalms, AD seven seven.
Did anybody ever say that figuring out all
the word pictures was going to be easy
and that any fool could do it?
No, it takes a special fool, I think,
to do it.
That was pretty tricky, wasn't it?
There were some things in it that were
pretty clear and some things that were,
well, yeah, it's a head scratcher.
But we're not at a period now where
we can let anything go.
We're going to turn over every rock.
So while I cannot attest to their
credentials as prophets,
these balding sons of traitors foresaw
that the events pertaining to Rahab would
eventually play out on and around the
Temple Mount in the city of Dowd.
This Babylonian adversary would covet the
place that Yahowah loves.
Babylonian adversary means that he
confounds and confuses by mixing truth
with lies.
And he's going to covet the place Yahowah
loves above all others.
The twenty-ninth of January,
twenty-thirty, Rahab moves to Jerusalem,
sets up shop in Jerusalem.
By implication, Rahab
would try to erase the Zion,
the signs posted along the way and
misdirected,
he will try to misdirect the world through
Babel, through confounding, confusion,
co-mingling religion and politics.
He's going to be a confabulator.
Now,
those who have become familiar with Yahowah
through Riyadh are invited to approach at
this time.
That's what it says.
By contrast, not just invited to approach,
you're encouraged to approach,
but you gotta know what you're up against.
By contrast,
the knife wielding Palestinians emerging
from their tunnels and all covered in dust
are being warned to stay away.
It's Israel and Yahuwd who were born there.
You have no claim as Muslims.
According to the prophecy,
two men would work together.
Both associated with the signs of Zion,
both devoted to Jerusalem.
They were conceived for this purpose.
And as a result, they are established,
they're prepared,
they're appointed by God such that they
are ready and reliable.
That means observant and trustworthy.
The reference in this,
that they are positioned to serve as the
city of God, Jerusalem.
Because it is the last feminine singular
reference within the Mizmowr.
And ultimately, these two ish,
these two men,
are so enmeshed into Jerusalem at this
point.
And they ha-Qodesh, the set-apart mount,
which is where
we'll be speaking from and where Dowd will
return,
that they are there to serve and prepare
the world for Elyown, for Dowd,
for all things pertaining to the influence
of Almighty God.
And Elyown,
as we will discover later in the
Eighty-Nine Mizmowr,
we've already shared previously, is Dowd,
according to God,
symbolizing his restored reputation upon
his return with Yahowah.
It is then a portrayal of Yada serving
Dowd.
So ultimately,
this is a prophetic portrayal of the
showdown on the Temple Mount.
It is an opposition to the conceited and
contentious
as the confabulator using Babylonian
tactics.
At different times and also together,
two men will work as one,
both conceived for this purpose.
And those who ponder the implications of
what they achieved by fulfilling the
Mowedym in the city of Dowd will be
among those singing and dancing as the
fountains of life are released within the
Set-apart Mount.
to restore the souls of those who will
be cleansed on this day.
And in this regard,
Satan's final death blow will be his
undoing.
When he manifest as Donald Trump slays me
as the Adamah Parah,
the bullish and productive man on Yom
Taruwah, the day of the herald,
my nephesh soul and Rahab's Ruwach spirit
at that moment will head in different
directions.
And so all of this is to affirm
that we have correctly identified the
nature and the timing and the location of
the great Rahab showdown.
And there's more.
In Isaiah, Isaiah, thirty-seven,
Rahab is among the beasts of the Negev.
That places him in the land of Israel
during the time of trouble.
opposing the ,
the hissing and negating viper,
and the flying sharaf, flying serpent,
fiery serpent, is going to be a labia,
which is the roaring heart of a white
lioness, and a lish,
a boldly ferocious mature lion.
I'm going to share that again because
that's a lot to process.
Opposing the ephia.
The ephia is a hissing and negating viper.
This flying seraph, fiery serpent,
will be labia,
a roaring heart in a white lioness,
and a lish,
a boldly ferocious mature lion.
Codd likes word pictures,
and he paints them so they're interesting.
So this is painted so the way that
Magawa likes to tell stories.
The roaring woman and mature man with a
considerable bite.
represented here by the lions,
defeat the hissing viper and his
accompanying flying fiery serpent.
As this occurs,
the most capable of his combatants and his
belligerents will be carried off by
donkeys, it says,
and their supplies by camels.
This is to infer that they will be
Arab Muslims and thus jihadists that'll be
working for Rahab.
They will be the implements of death.
And of them,
God says that they are worthless and they
are inept.
Having written goddamn religion, I concur.
All the while,
the one who controls and oppresses through
religion and politics,
along with his military,
which he will have been engaged,
constraining and abusing people,
will abandon Israel.
This is the great betrayal.
Satan and his stooge will do nothing is
what the prophecy says.
Their prior promises will be rendered
utterly meaningless as nothing more than
delusional and empty words without merit.
In other words, when he says, oh,
you give up this slice of territory,
no big deal, and I'll have your back.
I'll promise that America will defend you.
I'll come to your defense.
No, I won't.
He just steps out of the way.
Having made promises to defend Israel,
he and they will betray God's people.
Now,
this is confirmed because as we know from
our prior studies of Isaiah, Isaiah,
and the Great Betrayer is the demon
possessed, egomaniacal,
sexually perverted, diabolically vicious,
cannibalistic Donald Trump.
who will have been president of the United
States of America.
He and his satanic partner are Rahab.
This is the message Yahowah was emphatic
and having Yashayah commit to writing so
that as we approach the last days,
I could read it, understand it,
explain it and share it with you.
So with that introduction,
here's that prophecy.
Now we're turning to Yashayah,
a prophetic announcement about the
impending burden of the beasts of the
Negev, of the parched,
within the land of Sarah,
of anguishing confinement and trouble,
even oppression when besieged and in dire
straits.
The Labiah,
Roaring heart of the white lioness and the
Elish, the boldly ferocious mature lion,
will be against them.
This Efeah, hissing and negating viper,
and the flying Seraph, fiery serpent.
Guess what that might be, huh?
Their strongest and most capable fighters
will be carried away upon asses and
donkeys and upon the humps of camels,
their treasury and arsenal of food
supplies even among a people who have no
value or benefit whatsoever and will not
succeed nor will they accomplish anything.
Then the assistance and support,
these are of
Mitsraym,
the one who controls and oppresses through
politics, religion and the military,
abusing and restricting people will be for
naught.
And in vain,
utterly meaningless and a waste of breath,
a delusional fantasy of empty words
without merit.
And as a result, and for these reasons,
I will call what pertains to this
individual man
Rahab, him.
They're conceited and contentious,
loudmouthed and pretentious,
confusing and audacious, afflictor.
And they're a monstrous mythical god.
Incapacitated, sitting this one out,
doing nothing.
Isaiah, thirty-seven.
So now, go,
because it is imperative that you write it
upon a tablet to accompany them,
and also upon a written document,
whether a scroll or a book,
you must inscribe it as if engraving it
by chiseling it in stone,
portraying it as if already decreed.
Then it will come to exist pursuant to
a day in the end.
for the odd, the restoring witness,
the odd of the eternal testimony,
continuously providing evidence throughout
time, Olam,
from antiquity into perpetuity,
into the future and forevermore.
Yashayah, Isaiah, thirty-eight.
It is as the prophets foretold.
Donald Trump has been
Possessed by Satan,
he is the great betrayer of Israel.
The only rational conclusion that can be
deduced from these depictions as they are
presented in Isaiah, Daniel, Ezekiel even,
in addition to the Psalms.
In alliance with Satan,
they have become the embodiment of Rahab,
egocentric as a man,
And a false god is a spirit.
Fortunately,
they have met their match in the Acheron,
in the end,
as a result of the ad,
restoring witness to the ad,
eternal testimony,
who continually provides evidence
throughout all time, Olam,
from antiquity into perpetuity and into
the future and forevermore.
He's taken down with words wisely wielded.
even though we have resolved the identity
of Rahab,
we have not yet completed our evaluation
of the prophetic implications conveyed
throughout the prophets and particularly
about this adversarial demonic duo,
because Rahab is also the subject of
Yashayah, Isaiah, fifty-one and nine.
Isaiah was very keen to tell us
specifically what we needed to do.
It was written for us to understand.
So we should not be surprised that two
of the four explanations of who Rahab are
and this last one was really articulate.
It says Rahab is a demon-possessed man and
Satan.
And tells us where everything is going to
transpire and how it's going to come down
in the end.
And so it's Yashayah YAH that takes one
more whack at this.
And I want you to listen now.
Because once again, the antagonist,
antagonist.
The adversary's adversary is Yahowah's Bo'az
Zarowa.
Although this time,
rather than referring to Rahab as the
integration of the hissing viper,
and the flying fiery serpent.
He is their evil twin.
He is Tanin,
the monstrous serpent and diabolical
dragon.
So here's how it reads.
Thank you for putting up with this for
over two hours at this point.
something I wanted us to be able to
share this following statement,
because it's not every day that you find
out your ultimate fate in life.
Your last chapter is written,
at least in this volume,
and what you're going to be up against.
So gentlemen, we've got to buck it up.
This is who we're fighting.
You should choose.
To be alert and to be aroused.
That'd be my advice.
It was Yashayas.
He was actually speaking for Yahowah.
Opting to rise up and be exposed while
uncovering and unmasking the blindness and
the injustice of others.
I like that.
Decide of your own free will to be
clothed in confidence and courage.
in boldness and might,
in the power and strength to accomplish
anything and to withstand everything,
fortified and resolute,
unyielding and steadfast, Oz.
As the Zarowa of Yahowah,
the strong arm of God cultivating the
seeds sown for a productive harvest unto
Yahowah.
You should choose to be alert and aroused
to rise up while exposing blindness and
injustice in the manner of the days from
long ago and into forevermore,
from before time to eternal time.
For the generations, the places,
and the epics of time,
from antiquity and into the future,
I think he's painting a picture of this
very path that we've been talking about,
going in and out of time,
doing this together.
Yes or no?
Yes.
Will it not be you?
We mean, speaking of the Zarowa of Yahowah.
Yes or no?
Will it not be you who will dig
the grave,
who will flash a brilliant light and then
cut into pieces
Carving up Rahab,
the conceited and contentious, loud mouth,
pretentious afflictor,
the bold and confusing and audacious
monster and his mythical God.
As you pierce by showing contempt for the
Tanen,
this monstrous serpent and diabolical
dragon.
Yashayah Isaiah, fifty one nine.
Yes or no.
That's the question being asked.
Do you have the fortitude to do this?
Yes, sir.
I'll be there with you.
That's what we're up against.
So the message is clear.
Rahab is the corporeal manifestation of
Satan who betrays Israel in the last days.
He is demonic, he is devilish.
He is conceited, he is confounding.
He is loudmouthed and he is vicious.
He is a senseless confabulator who is
exceedingly abusive.
He is the integration of Satan and Trump,
who after making all manner of promises to
Israel, won't honor any of them.
Promising to defend and support Israel,
he will do the opposite and aid and
abet her enemies as he blames the nation's
subjugation on their miscalculations
rather than his own.
However,
as Yahowah Zarowa stands resolutely against
Hill's ambassadors on Taruwah,
while serving as the Adamah Parah,
the bullish man and productive bull by
striking him,
they will have rendered their final blow.
The Tanian monstrous serpent and this
diabolical dragon will be no more.
That is the message Ethan Ha-Izraki
delivered to Dowd from Yahowah.
Think of it.
The blow that takes him down is he
kills the man who is most adversarial to
him.
By killing my body, me,
he destroys himself.
Why?
Because.
My body is a gift to Israel,
purging them of their religiosity,
any trace of anything that he has infused
into their minds.
He takes me down, he kills himself.
It's the last blow because he does
something out of personal ego and
viciousness.
And I'm there on the heavenly message of
I'm here to offer myself for you, Israel.
And he's there to kill who we are
going to choose.
That's going to be the choice.
And that's how it's going to play out.
Do you think God's got your attention now?
He better.
So here we are.
I have nothing more to add to it.
I don't know if there's a conclusion,
but gentlemen, that is where we are.
There's the future.
Kevin, what do you think?
I love a good dragon slaying story.
You know, we've, we've lost a sound there,
Rich.
I know that you had some struggles there,
but I don't think we have anybody that's
able.
Okay.
Now you're, you're,
it should be live there, Kevin.
Okay.
Now you can hear us.
You can hear me now.
He's not.
No.
Okay.
Yeah.
We don't have TV.
I'm going through the, we don't have,
well, we don't have Kirk.
I can hear Kevin.
So we may have Perry.
Do you have Perry?
Yeah.
no i'm here i can talk yeah i
got too many audio issues right now so
we're we're long on on audio issues maybe
it's it is just a time for uh
for silence for um god to have the
last word this is he's he's delivered a
message it's irrefutable uh it's i think
it's inspiring i'm tickle pink that uh he
would um uh trust us enough
to get this done.
And I'm happy to go into battle with
you.
That's what we're going to do.
Yes.
We're going to do it collectively.
And we're even going to have Leah there.
She's going to do some kicking and
screaming.
I think that Rahab is going to meet
his match with her.
She's going to go after him.
She's going to be a big-hearted white
lioness against him.
We might all have to, well,
you're all going to be there.
You might have to reign her in,
but she's going to go on the attack
mode.
He's going to kill the bull and then
she's going to kill him.
It's a beautiful scene, actually.
It really is a beautiful scene because
what we're being told is that that last
act
that israel gets to witness and this is
god's brought in all of the viable
candidates for the the mortal remnant of
israel that we're going to take into the
return of our of the conditions of eden
uh retry it at uh Gan Eden and it's
not just going to be this you know
silly uh i'm going to sacrifice a a
red heifer because that wouldn't get
anybody's attention
It's the guy that's been up on that
wall that has spoken to them for the
last three and a half years pleading for
them and who has spoken against Rahab and
everything that he's doing and the
religious on behalf of God's people.
And finally, at the end,
when they have tried everything they can
to kill him and he's impervious,
he is going to stand up eye to
eye with Rahab.
And I say,
I'll show them who I am and you
show them who you are.
By you killing me,
you've displayed exactly who you are and
you will have lost.
And by me dying for all of these
people that are all around because it's my
ashes that are going to purge them of
their religiosity so that they're ready
for Doe's return with Yahowah and re-entry
into the garden.
I will demonstrate exactly who I am.
And now they have a chance to choose.
There's not going to be anybody that's not
crying.
It's going to be exceedingly cerebral,
emotional.
It's God telling his story in a way
that has this marvelous visual gripping
crescendo.
And what's going to happen is that our
souls are going to surround Dowd.
And when he returns, along with Yahowah.
And we're going to say,
this is now your king.
This is who we did this for.
And this is your opportunity.
Quite a story.
It is.
we don't have any uh outbound audio so
we're just going to say uh thank you
to everyone uh perry uh rich uh kevin
uh jb uh will uh kirk and uh
and they our beloved uh dr dr jeff
uh leia who has uh gone into the
other room she's probably in the chat room
at this point but thank you all for
uh for listening and thank you for for
coming with us on this journey it has
It has been pretty amazing here in this
last six months to a year, hasn't it?
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
So we look forward to our next program
together.
We'll continue to make progress through
and complete the this redo of the eighty
ninth.
And I think, well,
you'll find that that it is indeed
powerfully different in its
insightfulness.
The words are are all translated fairly
similarly.
It's just that we're able to introduce
a much deeper meaning.
And after we finish this particular
episode, God takes over.
Everything that is said from that point on
is in his voice as he extols the
virtues of his son.
And it is exceedingly meaningful.
So thank you all.
Have a wonderful Shabbat.
I look forward to being with you on
our next broadcast.
Good day.
And may Yahowah bless you all.
Good night.
Good night, everyone.
Hey there.
Thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.